= AddThis

AddThis.com provides widgets that make sharing, bookmarking and emailing pages,
and subscribing to feeds easy for your visitors. It supports a broad range of
social network sites and web applications.

This plugin makes it easy to add a plain or customized AddThis.com widget to
your Rails application.

= Installation

As a Gem in environment.rb:

config.gem 'jaap3-addthis', :source => 'http://gems.github.com', :lib => 'addthis'

As a plugin:

script/plugin install git://github.com/jaap3/addthis.git

= Quick Start

Common use cases:

Without arguments:

  addthis_bookmark_button
  addthis_email_button

AddThis will try to figure out the url and title by itself. This is not
possible for addthis_feed_button.

Custom url:

  addthis_bookmark_button("http://www.example.com/")
  addthis_email_button("http://www.example.com/")
  addthis_feed_button("http://www.example.com/")

Custom url and title:

  addthis_bookmark_button("http://www.example.com/", "Example website")
  addthis_email_button("http://www.example.com/", "Example website")

Custom title only:

  addthis_bookmark_button(:title => "Example title")
  addthis_email_button(:title => "Example title")

= Usage

If you wish to track analytics for your button, you must create an account at
http://addthis.com/. Joining is free!

After you've joined create a new ruby file in config/initializers called
addthis.rb.

You can configure your publisher name (your AddThis.com username):

Jaap3::AddThisHelper::CONFIG[:publisher] = "YOUR USERNAME HERE"

You can then use this initializer to override any other settings you might like.

== Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the AddThis plugin, just fork the code
and send me a pull request after you are done fiddling.

= TODO

Enable configurable publisher id.
Allow more customisation.
Support optional HTTPS output.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Jaap Roes. See LICENSE for details.
